1004.txt:With files from CTV's Bridget Brown
1262.txt:But the airport was closed, roads and bridges damaged and tons of rubble are blocking the streets and alleys of Kathmandu. Water supply pipes, electricity generating sub-stations, bridges, treatment plants -- all these things will be affected, and food, water, fuel and medicines will be immediately in short-supply. From today, people will start skipping meals and to rely on friends and relatives for support. Some will be moving to areas they consider more safe, where they will set up camps. Others will choose to stay close to their belongings and shattered homes, perhaps waiting for missing relatives. They will start selling assets in "distress sales." They will use what food, cash and property they have just to get by. They will start borrowing. Many poor Nepalese will already be in debt.
1286.txt:"The staff is working overtime as this is a humanitarian crisis. I cannot confirm the net worth of the damage. Two bridges have cracked and many buildings have also developed cracks," she added.
1347.txt:"She was crossing a suspension bridge when it hit so they were at least several feet above the ground crossing a river when it hit," said Riddle.
1365.txt:Qatar announced it had set up an “air bridge” with several aircraft flying large amounts of relief materials and a field hospital. Turkey has also offered to send a fifty-bed field hospital.
163.txt:A local woman walks across a bridge in the Nuwakot area of Nepal. Photo: Mark Condren
1819.txt:New Delhi did not want to let go an opportunity to bridge gap with Nepal
1972.txt:Frazer, from Bridge of Earn, originally planned to trek to Everest’s base camp before changing to the Annapurna circuit. He is believed to be waiting for assistance in the remote town of Manang.
1972.txt:The fate of a missing Perthshire woman, Lynda Davis, from Bridge of Earn, was unclear last night.
1972.txt:There was no answer at Ms Davis’ home in Bridge of Earn last night.
2024.txt:Each time we cross a bridge, our car has to wait until its completely clear, then pass at high speed. No-one can be certain that the structures will hold after being shaken so violently twice in two days.
2162.txt:“Her group of seven, including her sister, are in a shelter in a small town called Ling Ling. (HER MUM ALSO MENTIONED THAT THE ONLY WESTERNER IN THE GROUP WAS A FRENCH MAN? AS YOU KNOW GETTING FACTS OUT OF THE AREA IS PROVING DIFFICULT. THIS NEEDS TO BE CONFIRMED). They can hear land slides all around them, the bridge to get out is destroyed, tremors are ongoing and they have been told that there is the likelihood of another earthquake in 36 hours. They are desperate to get out but it seems that the only way to do so is by helicopter. Their guide is looking after them, gathering and cooking whatever he can find and they have access to water. Their priority for today is to try to organise a helicopter out.”
2186.txt:Qatar has started an air bridge to Nepal, upon the directives of HH the Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, to supply aid to the Nepalese population affected by a massive earthquake that has killed more than 2,000 and injured a lot more.
2200.txt:There will be an immediate need to send medical supplies and specialised rescue services and technicians who are experts in extricating the injured from the smothered and cramped confines of collapsed buildings. And there will be a longer-term need to rebuild battered infrastructure, build new bridges, replace hospitals, water pipes, electricity lines and construct better schools.
2322.txt:“The last the boys shared with their friends’ group was a selfie from a suspension bridge in Sindhupalchok district of Nepal,” Aziz Ali, a resident of Deli in Kasargod, says. He identified the other missing friends as Thanweer Rawther, 25, from Kochi; Hadil Haneef, 25, from Thalassery; Mazhar Mohideen, 25, from Kannur; Nihad Moinuddin Khan, 25, from Hyderabad; and Sunil Chandrasen Gandhi, 26, from Mumbai. The six chartered accountants, who worked in Dubai, flew down to Nepal from the emirate on Friday for a week-long adventure camp. Their last know location is Naya Pul, a resort near Tatopani at Sindhupalchok. But officials said the district, which is 90km from Katmandu, was not affected by the quake and hoped the group is safe. “All the utilities are down and that’s why they are not able to get in touch,” an official in Delhi told Aziz Ali. The families and friends of the six youths are clinging to the selfie and have formed a group to coordinate with officials in Kathmandu and Delhi.
2343.txt:I was lucky; I was able to leave. It took a couple of weeks for me to get out. The storm had brought down every bridge in the nation, the rivers were swollen and impossible to cross, and once you could travel, there were banditos at every crossroad, at first. Soon aid arrived, in the form of the Spanish military, and soon after, a Honduran friend from the Peace Corps came to take me back to the capital city. I had to wait a week there for an open flight. My friend let me stay in his home; there were no hotel rooms. The hotels left standing were all packed with news people and aid workers and visiting VIPs on hand for tragedy photo ops. I even saw Barbara Bush one day, being interviewed by a reporter on the patio by the pool at the Hotel Maya. Talk about surreal.
2343.txt:For weeks and in some places, for months, roads will be impassable. It may not occur to us here, but clearing roads and rebuilding bridges are the top priority. Large aid organizations and governments will do their best to reach those who need help: the injured; the cold; the homeless; the hungry.
2410.txt:Dixit explains that access to remote villages and locations from Kathmandu is a big challenge and the infrastructure has collapsed. The main bridge that connects Lathipur to Kathmandu has developed cracks and is dangerous to use. There are no bridges to make the remote areas accessible.
2495.txt:But the airport was closed, roads and bridges damaged, and tons of rubble are blocking the streets and alleys of Kathmandu. Water supply pipes, electricity generating sub-stations, bridges, treatment plants – all these things will be affected, and food, water, fuel and medicines will be immediately in short-supply. From today people will start skipping meals and to rely on friends and relatives for support. Some will be moving to areas they consider more safe, where they will set up camps. Others will choose to stay close to their belongings and shattered homes, perhaps waiting for missing relatives. They will start selling assets in “distress sales”. They will use what food, cash, and property they have just to get by. They will start borrowing. Many poor Nepalese will already be in debt.
2563.txt:KATHMANDU: Nishchal Guruwacharya does not believe in god anymore. The 25-year-old from Chamati area of Naya Bazar in Kathmandu lost more than half of his extended family of 52 in a building collapse on Saturday. That day, his family had organized a "saptahik pooja" in the house with almost all relatives in attendance."An entire generation is gone. My grandfather, my mother, all her sisters, my brother, everyone is gone. There were 40 people in the house then, only nine have survived. We were conducting the pooja to make the gods happy, they instead gave us their wrath," says Guruwacharya.A few kilometres away, recuperating from bruises and a head injury at a camp in Durbar area, Maheshwar Raj Khwanju, 48, is thanking the gods. His family of five fell five floors after his building in Bhotaiti collapsed, killing everyone except his wife and children.His daughter Asmita, 10, fainted out of shock as she felt the first tremors, but has not sustained even a scratch on her body. Even his dog Tommy escaped with just a limping leg. "This is god's grace, the power of Pashupatinath," says Khwanju.The only thing common between the two stories is the lament for an "absent" government and gratitude for the rescue and relief provided by India. Between the almighty's wrath and an overwhelmed Nepal government, India as the first mover seems to have made a place in the hearts of the Nepalese . This, despite the fact that there is no country worth any international standing that has not sent its teams to Nepal."Men from NDRF (National Disaster Response Force) have been working here non-stop, without a wink of sleep, for the past three days. I know none of my family members will come out alive. But at least they have ensured they will get a respectable funeral," says Guruwacharya.Though Khwanju was rescued by local youth, relief material and medical help brought in by Indian armed forces has kept him going in the camp.Srikrishna Kharel, 30, a cloth merchant from Hanuman Dhoka area which has seen massive damage to Nepal's architectural heritage, is doing his bit by helping people in a camp set up in the area. Like most caught in a tragedy, he is angry with his government."These people will do nothing for us. The first day there was no water, no food, no medicines. We have been surviving by helping each other. Indians were the first to come. Even before China. We haven't seen anyone from the US," he says.Though the Nepal government is doing its best, having put almost 90% of its army in rescue operations, it is certainly not enough given the scale of the tragedy. India on Tuesday sent three more NDRF teams with the number of teams engaged in rescue work now going up to 16.Tonnes of food, water, blankets and tents were unloaded from Indian aircraft at Tribhuvan International Airport even as aid poured in from across the world.What has marked India apart from all other international teams is articulated by a survivor of a six-storey building near Shobha Bhagwati bridge trapping over 50 who are all feared dead, "Teams from China and Poland had come. But they stay here for a few hours looking to rescue the living and leave when they are convinced all are dead. Only Indian forces are pulling out the dead," says Amir Sakya.Beyond their personal losses, the Nepalese are most saddened by the massive destruction to their cultural heritage. "Who will come to Nepal now," is the common refrain in a country heavily dependent on tourism."Do you know each and every brick of the temples in Hanuman Dhoka area that is now rubble had the names of the kings who contributed to their construction inscribed on them. Do you think when all this is rebuilt, its originality can be restored. No way. Guthibhairav temple was our Taj Mahal. It's gone. We have lost everything we had to show the world," says taxi driver Bose Kesi.
2582.txt:A week ago, UAE state news agency WAM reported an order to establish a relief air bridge to Nepal. The directive came from His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai.
2582.txt:The air bridge would see the shipment of over 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, communications equipment and food items.
2582.txt:IHC is running the air bridge in coordination with UN agencies, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, and a number of international humanitarian organisations to mobilise the relief supplies.
2587.txt:The survivor, who was rushed to a nearby hospital, has now taken refuge at a local school with her husband and two sons who managed to escape unhurt, eKantipur reported today."It feels like I have come into a different world," said Sitoula.NDRF assistant commandant Kulish Anand said: "We got the information that a lady is stuck between two slabs. There is some cavity and she is alive."Firstly, we stabilised the particular area and then we gave some life saving medicine to that particular lady. After stabilising her, we just took her out."Hundreds of people are still trapped under tonnes of debris in the Kathmandu Valley and the worst-affected remote mountainous areas, as rescue workers are desperately searching for survivors of the Saturday's 7.9-magnitude earthquake.NDRF rescuers and Indian Air Force personnel have now begun reaching areas beyond Kathmandu Valley near Pokhara.India today sent six more teams of NDRF to Nepal, taking the total number of NDRF teams to 16 from 10 who were already engaged in rescue operations there for the last few days.Each NDRF team has about 45 personnel.NDRF rescuers are at present deployed in areas like Tanu Hospital, Balajutra, Balkhu, Goodbal, Brijeshwari, Chavmati, Vasundranmunatal, Maharajganj, Gangabhu and Shobha Bhagwati Bridge.
2827.txt:She has decided to stay and volunteer with Guernsey charity, Bridge2
2827.txt:And she is now getting in contact with Sarah Griffith, who runs the Guernsey-based disaster relief charity Bridge2.
2827.txt:For more information about Bridge2, visit their website or go to their Facebook page, where you can make donations.
2827.txt:Sarah Griffith, founder of Bridge 2 charity
2827.txt:The Bridge2 charities are run on one fundamental ethos. Simply put, it is to understand and determine the requirements of those in need and then to apply all possible resources to supply what is required.
2857.txt:Frazer, from Bridge of Earn, planned to trek to Everest’s base camp before changing to the Annapurna circuit. He is believed to be waiting for help in the remote town of Manang.
2857.txt:The 50-year-old, from Bridge of Earn, near Perth, who is better known as Mel, travelled to Nepal for a wedding.
2997.txt:The issue may or may not be water under the bridge at this point. There is a big 'fog of war' element about the entire crisis, which is understandable, of course, given conditions in the country. But from this Reuters
3045.txt:Mohammed orders aid air bridge to Nepal
3045.txt:His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vicie-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, has ordered an air bridge to supply aid to the victims of the most powerful earthquake to hit Nepal since 1934, claiming more than 4,100 lives and displacing thousands of people.
3045.txt:The first Boeing 747 took off this morning from Dubai heading to Kathmandu airport with the first 90 metric tonnes of aid. The total volume of shipment that shall be sent through the air bridge will exceed 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, ICT equipment and food items.
3045.txt:The International Humanitarian City, IHC, Dubai is running the air bridge in coordination with UN agencies, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, and a number of international humanitarian organisations, to mobilise the relief supplies.
3045.txt:As an immediate response to the devastating disaster, the UNHCR, IFRC and 9 UNHRD’s partners including World Health Organisation, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy, World Vision International, Save the Children, UNICEF, Catholic Relief Services, Adventist Development and Relief Agency and World Food Program are sending aid shipments via the air bridge.
3078.txt:By contrast, The Big One could be in the range of magnitude 9.0, more than 10 times as big as the Nepal quake. Depending on the location, it could cause widespread damage in southwestern B.C. to buildings and infrastructure such as roads, bridges, sewer, water and power supplies.
3267.txt:“Exercise Civil Bridge is Great Britain’s continuing commitment to working together on disaster risk management, learning and sharing with each other,” he said. RC
3326.txt:Sherpa, who holds the world record for summits on Mount Everest, was in Nepal with a group of Utah residents when the quake hit. No one in that group was injured. Andrew Riddle, whose daughter was with Sherpa, told the Tribune his daughter was not hurt, but she called and told him she had seen someone hit by a landslide from the suspension bridge she was on when the quake struck.
3326.txt:“They could see landslides happening in front of them, the bridge started to shake violently, and Apa was in front of them,” Riddle said.
3380.txt:"There are lots of rope bridges we have to cross and they make noises and they shake and the whole group is just terrified of getting across them.
3440.txt:Mohammad orders air bridge of aid to Nepal
3440.txt:Dubai: His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, has ordered an air bridge to supply aid to the victims of the most powerful earthquake to hit Nepal since 1934, claiming more than 4,100 lives and displacing thousands of people.
3440.txt:The first Boeing 747 took off this morning from Dubai heading to Kathmandu airport with the first 90 metric tonnes of aid. The total volume of shipment that will be sent through the air bridge will exceed 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, ICT equipment and food items.
3440.txt:The International Humanitarian City (IHC) Dubai is running the air bridge in coordination with UN agencies, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, and a number of international humanitarian organisations, to mobilise the relief supplies.
3440.txt:As an immediate response to the devastating disaster, UN agencies are sending aid shipments via the air bridge.
3487.txt:Aid can be blocked when there aren’t enough people on the ground to deliver the supplies, or when a natural disaster has damaged airports or bridges, making it difficult to actually deliver the goods.
3487.txt:Aid can be blocked when there aren’t enough people on the ground to deliver the supplies, or when a natural disaster has damaged airports or bridges, making it difficult to actually deliver the goods.
3489.txt:Rescue personnel stuck in a traffic snarl under an overhead bridge near the bus park. (Photo: Steve Clark)
3629.txt:Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid orders an air bridge of humanitarian aid to NepalUAE
3629.txt:Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid orders an air bridge of humanitarian aid to Nepal
3629.txt:Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, High Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, has ordered an air bridge to supply aid to the victims of the most powerful earthquake to hit Nepal since 1934, claiming more than 4,100 lives and displacing thousands of people.
3629.txt:The first Boeing 747 took off this morning from Dubai heading to Kathmandu airport with the first 90 metric tonnes of aid. The total volume of shipment that shall be sent through the air bridge will exceed 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, ICT equipment and food items.
3629.txt:The International Humanitarian City, IHC, Dubai is running the air bridge in coordination with UN agencies, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, and a number of international humanitarian organisations, to mobilise the relief supplies.
3629.txt:As an immediate response to the devastating disaster, the UNHCR, IFRC and 9 UNHRD's partners including World Health Organisation, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy, World Vision International, Save the Children, UNICEF, Catholic Relief Services Adventist Development and Relief Agency and World Food Program are sending aid shipments via the air bridge.
3688.txt:Qatar announced it had set up an “air bridge” with several aircraft flying large amounts of relief materials and a field hospital. Turkey has also offered to send a fifty-bed field hospital.
3700.txt:“We have been to six significant destruction sites around [Kathmandu] and in the city itself. Unfortunately, we have not found survivors,” said Col. Yoram Laredo, head of the Home Front Command’s battalions and in charge of Israel’s mercy mission to Nepal.Nepali Prime Minister Sushil Koirala paid a visit to the field hospital to thank Israel for its assistance.“There are more than 200 medical nurses and other logistic staff here,” Ambassador to Nepal Yaron Mayer said.The IDF said the hospital has the capacity to treat 200 patients a day. It has an independent infrastructure and includes 50 tons of medical equipment. It has a range of wards and 125 personnel who include trained and experienced medical staff, the IDF added.For the second day in a row, Israeli rescuers continued to use helicopters rented from India and China to retrieve dozens of Israeli trekkers who were stranded in remote areas after the earthquake damaged all roads and paths leading to safety. The Nepalese army also made some of its helicopters available. But they had yet to reach dozens of other trekkers, and planned to fly out to them on Thursday. In one case, in the region of Mount Everest, the trekkers were hiking out to meet them part-way, Foreign Ministry spokesman Paul Hirschson said.Bringing them back to safety is a top priority, said Yehonathan Lebel, deputy chief of mission at the Israeli Embassy in Kathmandu.“It is very cold up there, people don’t have food and they are getting really desperate.”Israel is also searching for Or Asraf, 22, the last of its citizens still unaccounted for. He is believed to have been in the area of the Frozen Lakes in Langtang, which sustained damage. The Foreign Ministry has made contact with the other 249 Israelis who initially had been unaccounted for.A number of Israelis were able to make contact with their families via satellite phones while they waited for help.The death toll from Saturday’s quake is at least 5,000. It could reach 10,000.Bad weather and aftershocks have hampered rescue efforts, particularly in the Langtang, Mount Everest, Annapurna and Pokhara areas, where the Israeli trekkers were located.Resources have been scarce since little aid has reached those areas; in some instances, violence broke out between international trekkers, including Israelis, and the local population, which also has needed assistance.One Israeli rescuer described the situation in Langtang as “tense,” and said there had been fights between villagers and stranded trekkers over scarce food.“Villagers think the tourists are taking too much of the food,” said Amit Rubin, who is based at Kathmandu airport with a team from Magnus International Search & Rescue. Teams from the Harrel and Phoenix insurance companies also assisted in flying Israelis to safety.Trekker Lily Milkovich described the moment the quake struck.“We were sitting in our tent when suddenly a boulder of ice fell on it,” she said by telephone after being flown out to a pick-up point for bringing evacuees by bus back to Kathmandu.“After a few minutes, we found that some of our friends had been buried under the snow. Once we felt we were safe to help them, we started pulling them out,” she said.Milkovich added that there had been fights to get on the helicopters, although tensions eased when it became clear there would be sufficient flights to bring everyone to safety.US President Barack Obama spoke with Nepali Prime Minister Koirala on Wednesday about American efforts to help the nation recover from the earthquake, the White House said.Obama told Koirala the US would do all it could to help the people of Nepal, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters.The United Nations estimates that eight million people have been affected, with at least two million in need of tents, water, food and medicines over the next three months.“The timing of the intervention remains of the essence,” the UN resident and humanitarian coordinator for Nepal, Jamie McGoldrick, said in a statement. “Although I am heartened and encouraged by the progress of the response to date, efforts need to be maintained and stepped up to ensure vital assistance reaches all the affected, especially those in the remote areas.”McGoldrick’s appeal came as anger mounted over delays in delivering local aid four days after the disaster.In Kathmandu, about 200 people protested outside parliament, asking for more buses to go to their villages and hasten the distribution of aid. In Sangachowk village, about three hours by road from the capital, scores of angry villagers blocked the road with tires to stop aid trucks.Government officials admit that aid has been slow to come. Broken bridges and roads blocked by landslides have made it difficult to reach rural areas closer to the epicenter of the earthquake.Helicopters have been unable to land in some remote mountainous areas, such as the Gorkha district.It was one of the areas worst hit by the quake, with entire hillsides having collapsed, burying villages and making access almost impossible.The UN estimates that 70,000 homes were destroyed and another 530,000 damaged across 39 of Nepal’s 75 districts, forcing many to sleep out in the open or under makeshift tents in cold and damp conditions.“We’re talking about families who now don’t have so much as a tarpaulin to sleep beneath,” Mattias Bryneson, Plan International’s Nepal country director, said in a statement.“Tarpaulins and temporary shelters can save lives. If people, especially children, are exposed to bad weather all day and night, you’ll be damp, wet, dirty and freezing cold – and the spread of illness will exacerbate this humanitarian crisis.”The UN said $415 million was needed to provide 500,000 people with tents or tarpaulins, 1.4 million people with food, and 4.2 million with safe drinking water and toilets.Even before the appeal was launched, foreign countries and aid agencies had offered assistance – from search and rescue teams, sniffer dogs and equipment for heavy lifting, to blankets, dry food rations, mobile hospitals and financial aid.As of Wednesday, the UN Financial Tracking System showed that $48.25m. had been pledged by foreign governments and international aid agencies since the quake struck. Only $22.2m had been delivered.“As the monsoon season approaches, this is likely to become an added logistical challenge in providing humanitarian assistance,” the UN’s McGoldrick said.“Funding is needed immediately to continue the relief operations.”
3709.txt:Because of this experience, the students were moved to act and Kalbfleisch started raising money online for donation to the Canadian Red Cross. Meanwhile, drivers navigating the Conestoga Parkway can see the distinctive red and blue Nepalese flag that has been raised as a sign of solidarity with the people of Nepal by a homeowner in Kitchener's Bridgeport.
3961.txt:Mohammed Bin Rashid Orders Air Bridge To Carry 450 Tonnes Of Relief To Nepal Earthquake Victims, Food For 100,000 People #Dubai
3961.txt:Vice President and Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, has ordered an air bridge to the victims of the most powerful earthquake to hit Nepal since 1934 claiming more than 4100 lives and displacing thousands of people. The devastating earthquake has resulted in a shortage of potable water and food and a high hygiene risk, forcing the government to seek international assistance including rescue and medical teams.
3961.txt:The first Boeing 747 took off this morning from Dubai heading to Kathmandu Airport with the first 90 metric tonnes of aid. The total volume of shipment that shall be sent through the air bridge will exceed 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health Kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, ICT equipment and food items.
3961.txt:The International Humanitarian City, (IHC) is running the air bridge in coordination with the UN agencies, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent, and number of international humanitarian organisations to mobilise the relief supplies.
3961.txt:As an immediate response to the devastating disaster, the UNHCR, IFRC and 9 UNHRD's partners including World Health Organisation (WHO), Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy, World Vision International, Save the Children, UNICEF, Catholic Relief Services Adventist Development and Relief Agency and World Food Programme (WFP) are sending aid shipments through the air bridge.
4162.txt:According to CNN, as of last night the death toll was over 5,000 people and expected to rise increasingly as crews reach more remote villages throughout the country. Many of the roads and bridges leading to those remote village have been damaged or blocked due to landslides hampering the efforts of first responders.
4163.txt:Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, High Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, ordered an air bridge to supply aid to the earthquake victims.
4163.txt:The first Boeing 747 took off from Dubai heading to Kathmandu airport with the first 90 metric tonnes of aid. The total volume of shipment that shall be sent through the air bridge will exceed 450 metric tonnes and include aid items consisting of emergency health kits, water purification units, water storage and distribution units, blankets, tents, tarpaulin, jerry cans, buckets, plastic sheets, solar lamps, ICT equipment and food items.
4234.txt:The court heard at the time that Bishal Gurung, who is not related to Rocky Gurung and worked at the Sherpa Kitchen in Esher High Street, Esher, had been celebrating the Nepalese new year on a boat moored at Waterloo Bridge when he was falsely accused of hitting Thakali with a bottle.
4249.txt:Government officials admit aid has been slow. Broken bridges and roads blocked by landslides have made it difficult to reach rural areas closer to the epicentre of the earthquake.
4250.txt:MARK COLVIN: Bridget Brennan.
4295.txt:Khan continued: “We divided everyone into groups of five, because we weren’t sure if the wooden bridge that connected the two cliff faces across a river could hold more weight; whether the structure had been compromised in the earthquake.
4331.txt:The government also instituted committees led by the Ministry of Home Affairs made efforts to strengthen the existing international airport, coordinated the armed forces and carried out retrofitting of several bridges and infrastructure on main thoroughfares in anticipation of a major earthquake in and around Kathmandu Valley. Nonetheless, the 7.9 magnitude earthquake that hit Nepal this weekend on April 25th, and the immediate loss of thousands of lives reminds us that individual preparedness is far from enough in disasters like this.
4487.txt:[caption id="attachment_24226" align="aligncenter" width="700"] An Indian Air Force person carries a Nepalese child, wounded in earthquake, to a waiting ambulance after the child and mother were evacuated from a remote area at the airport in Kathmandu, Nepal. (Photo: AP)[/caption] A Nepalese woman was miraculously rescued alive by Indian rescuers 50 hours after being buried under the rubble following the devastating earthquake that jolted the country, killing over 5,000 people. Sunita Sitoula, who was trapped under the rubble after the powerful temblor brought down a five-storey building in Basundhara of Maharajgunj here, was rescued alive by India's National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel on Monday. The survivor, who was rushed to a nearby hospital, has now taken refuge at a local school with her husband and two sons who managed to escape unhurt, eKantipur reported today. "It feels like I have come into a different world," said Sitoula. NDRF assistant commandant Kulish Anand said: "We got the information that a lady is stuck between two slabs. There is some cavity and she is alive. "Firstly, we stabilised the particular area and then we gave some life saving medicine to that particular lady. After stabilising her, we just took her out." Hundreds of people are still trapped under tonnes of debris in the Kathmandu Valley and the worst-affected remote mountainous areas, as rescue workers are desperately searching for survivors of the Saturday's 7.9-magnitude earthquake. NDRF rescuers and Indian Air Force personnel have now begun reaching areas beyond Kathmandu Valley near Pokhara. India on Tuesday sent six more teams of NDRF to Nepal, taking the total number of NDRF teams to 16 from 10 who were already engaged in rescue operations there for the last few days. Each NDRF team has about 45 personnel. NDRF rescuers are at present deployed in areas like Tanu Hospital, Balajutra, Balkhu, Goodbal, Brijeshwari, Chavmati, Vasundranmunatal, Maharajganj, Gangabhu and Shobha Bhagwati Bridge.
4581.txt:Government officials admit aid has been slow. Broken bridges and roads blocked by landslides have made it difficult to reach rural areas closer to the epicenter of the earthquake.
4585.txt:My name is Enja Sæthren I am a fully funded UN Youth Volunteer from Norway and this is my story - I was on a field trip to the see the worst affected districts of the 2014 flooding in Nepalgjung. We were in the middle of a bridge when a woman in front of us was suddenly thrown from her motorbike. My Nepali driver instantly understood what was happening - an earthquake had hit Kathmandu Valley.
4585.txt:It was hard to think clearly; first we ran out of the car and stood near a pole, but as the quakes grew stronger we understood that we had to cross the bridge. We decided to head towards the WFP Nepal office. On our way we saw buildings falling apart and desperate people running in the streets. When we finally reached the office, one of the security guards was frozen with shock. We quickly got her to the hospital and returned to the office.
4603.txt:MICHAEL GERSON (Washington Post): Well, I'll tell what faith-based institutions contribute. First of all, they contribute a concern not just for victims but the victimizers. These are people that will have to come back into communities, will need a second chance, will need to be reached. That is I think an important role of the faith community in-- in these-- in these matters. There are bridge in the community when there are so many sources of division. You know, they-- they've talked with gang members after the funeral, at the church that night after the funeral trying to work through these issues. So I think they contribute something pretty unique in these circumstances. But there's a lot to be done at every level. That's I think one of the messages that we got.
4621.txt:BEIJING: China has sent armed police force for rescue operation in earthquake hit areas after Beijing received an "urgent request" from Nepal, State media said. This is the first time the country's armed police have ventured beyond its borders.The first batch of 160 "armed police officers" crossed the Friendship Bridge that links the two countries on May 2. A total of 500 police officers and 180 pieces of road repair machinery will be sent, according to Fu Ling, a senior officer with the traffic rescue brigade of the police.The visiting policemen were received by the Nepalese police at the border, the official Xinhua news agency said. China has also sent geologists to Nepal to assist in the rescue operation.This is a significant move, which was approved by the State Council, which is the cabinet, and the Central Military Commission. The first task assigned to the armed police forces is to reopen the road connecting the border pass of Zham and Kathmandu, which has been disrupted, Xinhua said.This is apart from China's military personnel which is engaged in rescue operations, which also include transferring stranded Chinese citizens to their homes. China rarely sends military personnel to other countries except in the case of peace keeping forces of the United Nations.China has so far sent 56 pieces of large machinery to repair 943-km long China-Nepal highway, which has been severely damaged by the earthquake. A major part of the highway consisting of 829 kms is in Tibetan region of China, which has been repaired and cleared for traffic.Work is afoot on the remaining 114 kms on the Nepal side.Fu said Chinese police officers would observe Nepalese laws and regulations, respect local religious belief and customs, and do their best to aid quake relief.
4625.txt:160 armed police officers and 56 units of engineering machinery entered Nepal across the Friendship Bridge that links the two countries.Their first mission is to reopen the road connecting the border pass of Zham and Kathmandu, the report said.The China-Nepal Highway, with a total length of 943 kms, including 829 kms in Tibet, was severely damaged in the earthquake on April 25.Workers had cleared the Tibetan section of the highway two days ago.General Fu Ling of the traffic rescue brigade said a total of 500 police officers together with 180 units of engineering machinery would be organised into three groups and a reserve team to clear the road.Geologists have also been sent to assist in the operation.Nepalese police also met their Chinese counterparts on the border.Fu said the officers would observe Nepalese laws and regulations, respect local religious belief and customs, and do their best to aid quake relief.Chinese Ambassador to Nepal, Wu Chuntai, told Xinhua that China has sent over 300 rescuers and medical workers to the quake-hit nation along with 30 flights of relief goods.China is also evacuating over 8,000 of its nationals stranded in Nepal by civilian flights.
4626.txt:Around 1:30 p.m., 160 armed police officers and 56 units of engineering machinery entered Nepal across the Friendship Bridge that links the two countries.
4654.txt:In the afternoon, around 160 armed police officers and 56 units of engineering machinery entered the country across the Friendship Bridge that links the two countries.
4671.txt:The engineering corps has also cleared the environs of the Bhagwati Hindu Temple of Palanchowk, enabling devotees to perform religious rituals. They have also restored a suspension bridge in Sipaghat and established water distribution points at Dolalghat.
4690.txt:Agriculture Minister Matia Chowdhury, Housing and Public Works Minister Engineer Mosharraf Hossain, Road Transport and Bridges Minister Obaidul Quader, Shipping Minister Shajahan Khan, Food Minister Quamrul Islam, State Minister for Home Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal attended the meeting.
4756.txt:Summary: Nitish said it was not for the first third time that he was not permitted to visit Nepal. On the frequent traffic jams on Gandhi Setu, Nitish said he has instructed the road construction department principal secretary to get two pontoon bridges constructed on the eastern and western side of the bridge for movement of small vehicles. Describing the kidnapping of Gaya`s Dr Pankaj Gupta and his wife on Friday as a challenge for his government, Nitish said such crimes would not be tolerated at any cost.
4788.txt:At a collapsed six-story building near a bridge in Kathmandu, another Chinese civil rescue team worked together with their counterparts from India and other countries to discover and retrieve bodies of the quake victims. The team from China played a key role as teams of other countries lacked precision detecting devices.
5026.txt:The mock quake had a registered magnitude of 8.2, knocking out roads, bridges, power lines and sewage systems, official briefings explained. Aftershocks caused even more damage and delayed first responders.
5029.txt:Due to incessant and heavy rain of 1121.40 mm (~44”) between 3rd and 5th October, 1968 there were numerous landslides accompanied by unprecedented floods in the Tista and other rivers. (2 roads and more than 3 bridges ) were either washed away or severely damaged. The death-toll, officially estimated was 677 while unofficial reports placed the figure much higher. . .
5164.txt:A large contingent of China's armed border police officers entered Nepal through Tibet for the first time today to take part in earthquake relief efforts.The operation, approved by the Chinese government, was launched after a meeting on the Chinese side of the border at the urgent request of Nepal, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.160 armed police officers and 56 units of engineering machinery entered Nepal across the Friendship Bridge that links the two countries.Their first mission is to reopen the road connecting the border pass of Zham and Kathmandu, the report said.The China-Nepal Highway, with a total length of 943 kms, including 829 kms in Tibet, was severely damaged in the earthquake on April 25.Workers had cleared the Tibetan section of the highway two days ago.General Fu Ling of the traffic rescue brigade said a total of 500 police officers together with 180 units of engineering machinery would be organised into three groups and a reserve team to clear the road.Geologists have also been sent to assist in the operation.Nepalese police also met their Chinese counterparts on the border.Fu said the officers would observe Nepalese laws and regulations, respect local religious belief and customs, and do their best to aid quake relief.Chinese Ambassador to Nepal, Wu Chuntai, told Xinhua that China has sent over 300 rescuers and medical workers to the quake-hit nation along with 30 flights of relief goods.China is also evacuating over 8,000 of its nationals stranded in Nepal by civilian flights.Xinhua also reported that Nepalese President Ram Baran Yadav has expressed gratitude to the Chinese government and people for supporting his country in the relief and rescue efforts."I would like to extend my sincere thanks and gratitude to the people of China for the support that we have got here in this difficult time of natural calamities," President Yadav said.He also praised the expertise of the Chinese quake-relief teams and said he hoped that the Nepal government would further coordinate with the Chinese government to overcome calamities.
5203.txt:You can make a donation on the Nepal Youth Foundation webpage or mail a donation to the NYF office: 3030 Bridgeway, Ste 202, Sausalito, CA 94965.
5225.txt:Since the Rubin Museum is still a new institution on the cultural scene, it has the “enviable flexibility to adapt to the expectations of today’s and tomorrow’s visitors,” explains Patrick Sears, the executive director of the Rubin Museum, in an interview. With a central six-story spiral staircase (originally designed for Barneys, formerly in this space), each floor-wide exhibition focuses on a theme to intersperse carefully curated comparisons, but also to highlight special exhibitions that range from Tibet to India, and from ancient to contemporary art. This flexibility between various media and cultures represents the Rubin Museum’s ability to function as a bridge for cross-cultural connections between the Eastern visual objects on view and its mostly Western visitors.
5285.txt:Located some 12,000 kilometers away from Nepal, Executive Director Patrick Sears says the Rubin bridges the gulf by showcasing Himalayan arts and ideas, and the region's ties to other cultures.
5298.txt:The OLPC initiative came into being in 2005 as a non-profit project backed by some of the world's largest technology companies to help children in developing countries bridge the digital divide. OLPC laptops are now used by students in more than 27 countries globally.
5373.txt:Everywhere the group walked for the next few days they encountered cracked and crumbling homes, massive landslides, even a bridge that was buried under tons of rock but it still had to be crossed.
5374.txt:“We are in sync with our volunteers in Nepal, constantly trying to bridge the gap between what people actually need in Nepal right now, with what people living outside of the country think that they need,” Neupane said.
5380.txt:Murray Bridge Rotarians help Nepal victims
5380.txt:The Rotary Club of Murray Bridge has given a helping hand to earthquake victims in Nepal, sending three emergency aid ShelterBoxes to the country.
5380.txt:The Rotary Club of Murray Bridge has given a helping hand to earthquake victims in Nepal, sending three emergency aid ShelterBoxes to the country last week.
5380.txt:Rotary Club of Murray Bridge vice-president John Scarvelis said this year alone the club had sent ShelterBoxes to three countries - Vanuatu, Philippines and now Nepal.
5428.txt:In the days following, Emanuel and his guide walked, walked and walked. They navigated house-sized boulders and crossed a dangerous expanse of debris to gain entry to a suspension bridge dangling over a river.
5429.txt:A yak stared back along the route near Tengboche on April 6. Cable bridges are plentiful on the trail toward base camp.
5536.txt:We are rebuilding schools and making existing schools stronger and safer. Much of the community is now lit by solar powered street lights, which enable businesses to stay open past sunset, children to study underneath the lights, and women to more safely walk outside their homes at night. In some of the most life-altering work being undertaken, we are building a road and a bridge which will enable the community to more quickly get water, create business opportunities, and greatly improve the quality of life for many people.
5587.txt:The authorities concerned have failed to deliver relief materials to five settlements of Golche and Gumba VDCs in northern part of Sindhupalchok as suspension bridges linking the area were snapped due to the earthquake.
5587.txt:Chinlal Tamang, a local of Gumba, told the Post over telephone that 120 households at Tembathan, Tega and Nimatol in Gumba VDC are still deprived of relief as the suspension bridge across the Nesam stream snapped during the quake.
5857.txt:Aid: Nepali villagers crossing a hanging bridge carrying sacks of food donated by the World Food Program (WFP) in Baluwa village in Gorkha district,
5917.txt:McFeeney was on a ladder dubbed Golden Gate Bridge at the Khumbu Icefall, a notoriously treacherous portion of the climb, when the region began shaking. McFeeney managed to reach Camp 1, along with the four other climbers and three guides she is with as part of the Alpine Ascents climbing team.
5973.txt:Nepalese Students At University Of Bridgeport Spurred To Act After Quake
5973.txt:Nepalese students and others have organized a fundraising lunch Monday at the University of Bridgeport. Among those students is Satyam Shrestha, 28, who is graduating this year with a master's degree in global media and communications.
5973.txt:Another student at the University of Bridgeport from Nepal is Amit Adhikari, 24. He's a first-year student in the global development and peace program.
5973.txt:CT Station Asian Food in Bridgeport
5973.txt:Metric Bar & Grill in Bridgeport
5973.txt:Red Apple in Bridgeport
5973.txt:Ruethai Kitchen LLC in Bridgeport
5973.txt:Two Boots in Bridgeport
5973.txt:Vazzy’s Restaurant in Bridgeport
6038.txt:Image copyright South Wales Fire and Rescue Service Image caption Shaun Moody is usually based at a station in Bridgend county
6038.txt:"If we can re-secure the roof over the next 24 hours, up to 200 operations a day could be carried out in the surgical theatres," said Mr Moody, who is normally based in Kenfig Hill, Bridgend.
6157.txt:While foreign aid commitments are increasing in the wake of the second earthquake, relief and recovery efforts continue to move slowly due to logistical challenges, including damaged roads, collapsed bridges, a lack of airport access, reduced capacity at hospitals, and chaotic conditions.
6272.txt:The group had to cross this swing bridge showing cracks at its base
6352.txt:Gospel for Asia supports 450 churches, 20 Bridge of Hope children centers and Bible schools in Nepal. Some were destroyed or damaged by the 7.8-magnitude earthquake in April, Nepal's worst in 80 years. Many church leaders and members lost their homes or can no longer safely live in them.
6414.txt:Gen. Rana appreciated the efforts of Sri Lanka Army Engineering Corps who cleared over 6 Kms of roads blocked for days due to the earthquake, which had hindered transportation of relief and evacuation of seriously injured persons. The Engineering Corps had also repaired water links, suspension bridges and other utilities, as well as some basic infrastructure. Gen. Rana deeply appreciated that Sri Lanka used its own funds in these operations, hiring heavy vehicles, equipment and other services.
6421.txt:JEWISH KING JESUS IS COMING AT THE RAPTURE FOR US IN THE CLOUDS-DON'T MISS IT FOR THE WORLD.THE BIBLE TAKEN LITERALLY- WHEN THE PLAIN SENSE MAKES GOOD SENSE-SEEK NO OTHER SENSE-LEST YOU END UP IN NONSENSE.GET SAVED NOW- CALL ON JESUS TODAY.THE ONLY SAVIOR OF THE WHOLE EARTH - NO OTHER. 1 COR 15:23-JESUS THE FIRST FRUITS-CHRISTIANS RAPTURED TO JESUS-FIRST FRUITS OF THE SPIRIT-23 But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that are Christ’s at his coming.ROMANS 8:23 And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.(THE PRE-TRIB RAPTURE)EARTHQUAKESISAIAH 42:1515 I will make waste mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools.MATTHEW 24:7-87 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.8 All these are the beginning of sorrows.MARK 13:88 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom:(ETHNIC GROUP AGAINST ETHNIC GROUP) and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows.LUKE 21:1111 And great earthquakes shall be in divers places,(DIFFERNT PLACES AT THE SAME TIME) and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.UPDATE MAY 12,2015-12:00PMUPDATE AFTERSHOCKS FROM 7.8-7.3 QUAKES AT NEPAL AT 12PM2.6 39km ESE of Bridgeport, California 2015-05-12 09:05:20 UTC-04:00 13.8 km2.7 17km WSW of Neah Bay, Washington 2015-05-12 07:53:15 UTC-04:00 5.5 kmUPDATE MAY 12,2015-12:00PMUPDATE AFTERSHOCKS FROM 7.3 QUAKE AT NEPAL AT 08AM5.0 99km NNE of Hihifo, Tonga 2015-05-12 06:03:22 UTC-04:00 10.0 km4.6 7km SSE of Yangi Qal`ah, Afghanistan 2015-05-12 05:15:30 UTC-04:00 10.0 km2.9 16km SSE of Sterling, Alaska 2015-05-12 03:54:59 UTC-04:00 51.2 km5.4 36km SSW of Zuobude, China 2015-05-12 03:34:22 UTC-04:00 15.0 km5.4 242km WNW of Saumlaki, Indonesia 2015-05-12 03:22:04 UTC-04:00 154.7 km5.1 238km S of Sindangsari, Indonesia 2015-05-12 02:27:06 UTC-04:00 29.7 km4.7 6km ESE of Yangi Qal`ah, Afghanistan 2015-05-12 02:10:58 UTC-04:00 9.8 km4.8 158km SW of Nadi, Fiji 2015-05-11 23:50:38 UTC-04:00 29.6 km3.1 6km SW of Volcano, Hawaii 2015-05-11 21:40:41 UTC-04:00 2.5 km3.9 18km NNE of Villa Nunoa, Santiago, Chile, Chile 2015-05-11 20:36:12 UTC-04:00 92.6 km4.3 9km SW of Hualian, Taiwan 2015-05-11 19:43:14 UTC-04:00 15.6 km4.0 8km N of Elmadag, Turkey 2015-05-11 19:40:51 UTC-04:00 6.8 km3.1 51km WNW of Anchor Point, Alaska 2015-05-11 19:32:48 UTC-04:00 100.1 km2.7 36km N of Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands 2015-05-11 19:25:43 UTC-04:00 26.0 km2.6 82km NNE of Road Town, British Virgin Islands 2015-05-11 19:09:08 UTC-04:00 44.0 km4.1 43km ESE of Farkhar, Afghanistan 2015-05-11 18:43:11 UTC-04:00 207.1 km4.5 52km SSE of Ndoi Island, Fiji 2015-05-11 17:35:02 UTC-04:00 550.6 km5.3 Mid-Indian Ridge 2015-05-11 13:42:02 UTC-04:00 10.1 km4.5 45km ENE of Tocache Nuevo, Peru 2015-05-11 12:29:08 UTC-04:00 109.0 km5.2 80km N of Ternate, Indonesia 2015-05-11 11:45:08 UTC-04:00 156.5 km4.5 85km SSE of Severo-Kuril'sk, Russia 2015-05-11 10:17:03 UTC-04:00 55.7 km2.5 22km ESE of Seward, Alaska 2015-05-11 08:46:52 UTC-04:00 5.5 km5.5 158km SW of Panguna, Papua New Guinea 2015-05-11 07:51:20 UTC-04:00 39.0 km2.5 23km SE of Kettleman City, California 2015-05-11 07:37:45 UTC-04:00 4.0 kmUPDATE AFTERSHOCKS FROM 7.8 QUAKE AT KATHMANDU AT 08AM3.6 16km NW of Grapevine, California 2015-05-10 11:42:58 UTC-04:00 0.6 kmKATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nineteen people were killed in Nepal and 981 injured in an earthquake on Tuesday, home ministry official Laxmi Prasad Dhakal told Reuters, giving a first national estimate.The quake, with a magnitude of 7.3, struck less than three weeks after a 7.8 temblor killed more than 8,000 people and damaged hundreds of thousands of homes in the Himalayan nation.(Reporting by Gopal Sharma; Writing by Douglas Busvine; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel)KATHMANDU, Nepal (AP) — A major earthquake hit a remote region of Nepal on Tuesday, killing at least 19 people, triggering landslides and toppling buildings less than three weeks after the Himalayan nation was ravaged by its worst quake in decades.Information was slow to reach the capital, Kathmandu, but officials and aid workers said they expected the death toll to almost certainly rise.Within a few hours, the government confirmed that 19 people were killed and at least 981 injured, Home Ministry official Laxmi Dhakal said.Rescue helicopters were sent to mountainous districts northeast of Kathmandu, where landslides and buildings collapsed by the magnitude-7.3 quake may have left people buried, the government said. Dhakal said the Sindhupalchowk and Dolakha districts were the hardest hit.Rescuers fanned out to search for survivors in Sindhulpalchowk's town of Chautara, where several buildings collapsed. Chautara has become a hub for humanitarian aid after the magnitude-7.8 quake on April 25 killed more than 8,150 people and injured more than 17,860 as it flattened mountain villages and destroyed buildings. It was Nepal's worst recorded earthquake since 1934.Tuesday's quake was deeper, however, coming from a depth of 18.5 kilometers (11.5 miles) versus the earlier one at 15 kilometers (9.3 miles). Shallow earthquakes tend to cause more damage.The Tuesday quake was followed closely by at least six strong aftershocks, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.The international airport in Kathmandu, which has become a transport hub for international aid, was closed briefly after Tuesday's quake, while traffic snarled in the streets of the capital.Early reports indicated at least two buildings had collapsed in Kathmandu, though at least one had been unoccupied due to damage it sustained during the April 25 quake. Experts say the April 25 quake caused extensive structural damage even in buildings that did not topple, and that many could be in danger of future collapse."The shaking seemed to go on and on," Rose Foley, a UNICEF official based in Kathmandu, said after the latest quake. "It felt like being on a boat in rough seas."Aid agencies were struggling to get reports from outside of the capital."We're thinking about children across the country, and who are already suffering. This could make them even more vulnerable," Foley said.Residents of the small town of Namche Bazaar, about 50 kilometers (35 miles) from the epicenter of the latest quake and a well-known spot for high-altitude trekkers, said a couple of buildings damaged in the earlier earthquake collapsed Tuesday. However, there were no reports of deaths or injuries in the town.Meanwhile, new landslides blocked mountain roads in the district of Gorkha, one of the most damaged regions after the April 25 quake."People are terribly scared. Everyone ran out in the streets because they are afraid of being inside the houses," Norwegian Red Cross Secretary-General Asne Havnelid told Norwegian broadcaster NRK.-At Kathmandu's Norvic Hospital, patients and doctors rushed to the parking lot."I thought I was going to die this time," said Sulav Singh, who rushed with his daughter into a street in the suburban neighborhood of Thapathali. "Things were just getting back to normal, and we get this one."Nepalese have been terrified by dozens of aftershocks that followed the April 25 quake. The impoverished country has appealed for billions of dollars in aid from foreign nations, as well as medical experts to treat the wounded and helicopters to ferry food and temporary shelters to hundreds of thousands left homeless amid unseasonal rains.Paul Dillon, a spokesman with the International Organization for Migration, said he saw a man in Kathmandu who had apparently run from the shower with shampoo covering his head. "He was sitting on the ground, crying," Dillon said.Across the Nepalese border in Tibet's Jilong and Zhangmu regions, the earth shook strongly. Tremors were also felt slightly in the Tibetan capital, Lhasa."Rocks fell from the mountains," Jilong county government vice chief Wang Wenxiang was quoted as saying by China News Service. "There might be some houses collapsed or damaged. We are now checking on the condition of the people."__Daigle reported from New Delhi. Associated Press writers Tim Sullivan in New Delhi, Ian Mader in Beijing and Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Denmark, contributed to this report.
6475.txt:The climbers carried 15-pound day packs and ran into no snow, ice or crevasses, although they did have to cross half a dozen high-suspension bridges.
647.txt:Woman crashes into bridge — Authorities said a woman stole an SUV from a Milwaukie hospital and crashed it on the Hawthorne Bridge. Milwaukie Police said Alicia Nicole Davis approached a woman sitting in her car in the hospital’s parking lot and threatened to use a knife if the woman did not give her the keys. The 32-year-old Davis then drove the carjacked vehicle to Portland. She broke through the guardrail on the Hawthorne Bridge onramp and crashed into a building. She was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. Police said another woman, who was on the sidewalk below the bridge, was hit by flying debris from the crash. She was transported to the hospital with an arm injury. Davis faces charges of second-degree robbery and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle.
6492.txt:Gen. Rana appreciated the efforts of Sri Lanka Army Engineering Corps who cleared over 6 Kms of roads blocked for days due to the earthquake, which had hindered transportation of relief and evacuation of seriously injured persons. The Engineering Corps had also repaired water links, suspension bridges and other utilities, as well as some basic infrastructure. Gen. Rana deeply appreciated that Sri Lanka used its own funds in these operations, hiring heavy vehicles, equipment and other services.
6657.txt:Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Obama: Beau Biden made you want to be a better person | 2:13 President Obama gave the eulogy at Beau Biden's funeral. He remembers the 46-year-old as a compassionate and caring man, one who makes you want to be a better person. VPC 1 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Female sex pill moving closer to market | 1:45 Food and Drug Administration advisers voted 18-6 Thursday in favor of Sprout Pharmaceutical's daily pill to boost sexual desire in women. (June 5) AP 2 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Woman says Hastert sexually abused her brother | 1:33 A Montana woman says her brother was sexually abused by former House Speaker Dennis Hastert during the years when the GOP leader was a wrestling coach at a suburban Chicago high school. (June 5) AP 3 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Top Aide to Saddam Hussein Dies in Hospital | 0:53 Tariq Aziz, the debonair Iraqi diplomat who made his name by staunchly defending Saddam Hussein to the world during three wars and was later sentenced to death as part of the regime that killed hundreds of thousands of its own people. USA TODAY 4 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS These are the most (and least) valuable states in America | 2:02 Douglas McIntyre of 24/7 Wall Street on the most and least valuable states in America based on value of land per acre. Michael Monday 5 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Josh Duggar's sisters speak out in defense of brother | 1:06 Two of Josh Duggar's sex-abuse victims, sisters Jill Dillard and Jessa Seewald, told their stories in the second part of an exclusive interview with Fox News. VPC 6 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Random act of kindness by waitress will melt your heart | 1:59 A moving gesture by a Fort Worth waitress will never be forgotten by the Riddle family. See what happened to bring this couple to tears. VPC 7 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Obama eulogizes Beau Biden at Del. funeral | 1:53 Mourning a loss that touched people from the streets of Delaware to the White House and beyond, President Barack Obama joined Vice President Joe Biden in bidding farewell Saturday to the vice president's eldest son, Beau. (June 6) AP 8 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Beau Biden's brother, sister tearfully say goodbye | 2:32 Hunter and Ashley Biden, the brother and sister of the late Beau Biden, both spoke at his funeral. The pair shared special memories of the time they spent with Beau. VPC 9 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Manhunt underway in New York for escaped killers | 0:55 A manhunt is underway for David Sweat and Richard Matt, two convicted killers who escaped from a New York state prison overnight. USA TODAY 10 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS S. Korea vows to curb growing MERS outbreak | 0:58 South Korea reports its fifth death from MERS as the government vows "all-out" measures to curb the largest outbreak outside Saudi Arabia, including tracking mobile phones of those in quarantine. Video provided by AFP Newslook 11 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Obama highlights alliances ahead of G-7 meetings | 0:48 President Obama is calling the current partnership between the U.S. and Germany "one of the strongest alliances the world has ever known." (June 7) AP 12 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Senate passes USA Freedom Act | 1:03 The Senate overwhelmingly voted Tuesday to end the National Security Agency's controversial bulk collection of the phone data of millions of Americans who have no ties to terrorism. Wochit 13 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Snakes take over home, couple sues realtor for $2M | 1:39 A Maryland couple is suing their realtor after discovering their home is infested with snakes. The couple alledges the realtor failed to disclose the problem and provide pest inspection documentation. VPC 14 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Local Prosecutor: No reports of Hastert misconduct at school | 0:49 The chief local prosecutor whose jurisdiction includes the Illinois high school where Dennis Hastert taught and coached for 16 years, said the office has no record of alleged criminal conduct reported to the office involving the former House speaker. USA TODAY 15 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS 3-year-old beaten to death for not being 'potty trained' | 1:32 A Texas man has been charged with capital murder after allegedly hitting his son so hard it caused a skull fracture. VPC 16 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Report shows frequent TSA failures | 3:20 According to a new report, the TSA failed about 95 percent of Homeland Security tests, but TSA officials said that figure was taken out of context. Video provided by Newsy Newslook 17 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Man arrested after dog found with snout taped shut | 1:07 A puppy was found with her snout taped tightly shut. She's being treated by the Charleston Animal Society while North Charleston Police have a man in custody in connection. Patrick Jones (@Patrick_E_Jones) has the rest. Buzz60 18 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS NTSB report on Philadelphia Amtrak train derailment released | 1:33 National Transportation Safety Board report released on Philadelphia Amtrak train derailment 19 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Bosnian catholics await Pope's visit with great hope | 1:07 Bosnian Catholics are waiting for the visit of Pope Francis in Sarajevo on June 6, hoping the event will give them strength and courage after the war. Video provided by AFP Newslook 20 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS How France got its own Republican party | 1:33 As part of former French President Nicolas Sarkozy's return to the political scene, he's rebranded his UMP party. Video provided by Newsy Newslook 21 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Families of americans held in Iran call for their release | 1:02 The families of US citizens held or missing in Iran called for the release and return of the four men on Tuesday, questioning how Iran could consider the United States "hostile" while simultaneously conducting nuclear talks. Video provided by AFP Newslook 22 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Americans With Disabilities 'striving to Work' | 0:54 More than two-thirds of American adults with disabilities are "striving to work." That's according to a national employment survey being released just before the landmark legislation protecting their rights turns 25. USA TODAY 23 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Death toll rises to 2,300 from India's heatwave | 1:29 As of Tuesday, more than 2,300 people have reportedly died from the heatwave stretching across India. Video provided by Newsy Newsy 24 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Solar impulse unscheduled landing amazes Japan | 0:27 Nagoya residents comment after Solar Impulse 2 made an unexpected stop in Japan to avoid bad weather. Video provided by AFP AFP 25 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Iconic 'love locks' being removed from Paris bridge | 1:05 After approximately 45 tons of padlocks damaged the Pont Des Arts bridge, Paris began to bid adieu to its famous love locks, and with them, years of lovers' memories. 26 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Sirens sound in Israeli school as part of nationwide drill | 0:47 Sirens sounded across Israel on Tuesday as part of a nationwide drill to practice emergency responses to security situations such as air or missile attacks, with schools participating in the exercise. Duration: 00:47 Video provided by AFP Newslook 27 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS What states with the lowest unemployment have in common | 1:35 Find out why Nebraska, North Dakota and Utah have the lowest unemployment rates. Douglas McIntyre of 24/7 Wall Street has the details. Michael Monday 28 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Hash oil explosions increase in states with 'legal pot' | 2:21 The number of hash oil explosions in Oregon is on the rise and emergency responders worry that the legalization of marijuana could spark more fires. VPC 29 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Okinawa governor is on a quest to stop U.S. base | 2:03 Okinawa Gov. Takeshi Onaga is traveling to the U.S. to prevent an American military base from being relocated to the Japanese island. Video provided by Newsy Newslook 30 of 31 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE VIDEO: THE DAY IN NEWS Fighting rages on in Yemen's southern city of Aden | 0:39 Fighting continues in Yemen's southern city of Aden between Houthi rebels and Popular Resistance committees, anti-rebel forces made up of pro-government fighters, Sunni tribes, and southern separatists. Video provided by AFP Newslook 31 of 31 Last VideoNext Video Obama: Beau Biden made you want to be a better person
6657.txt:Iconic 'love locks' being removed from Paris bridge
6699.txt:Broken bridges and roads blocked by landslides mean that people in rural areas are now facing an even longer wait for aid than before, according to Save the Children (STC).
6725.txt:Joining the relief efforts in the quake hit Nepal, tyre manufacturer Bridgestone Asia Pacific, the holding company of Bridgestone India and a subsidiary of Bridgestone Corporation, has offered 61,000 Singapore dollars to Singapore Red Cross Society to assist relief efforts in the region.
6725.txt:"On behalf of Bridgestone Group, we would like to express our sincere condolences to those who are affected by the disaster in Nepal and offer our wishes for a rapid recovery in the devastated areas", the company said.The April 25 earthquake which measured 7.9 on richter scale had claimed over 8,000 lives in Nepal. Nearly 80 people were also killed in India, mostly in Bihar, due to the temblor.
6897.txt:There is now an intense competition among politicians to provide relief to the people in ‘their’ constituencies. Since politicians, for a long time, have been distributing resources appropriated from the state to their people, they were keen on doing the same this time. The measure of political representation, traditionally, has been their ability to divert resources meant for one group of people to their own constituency. It is for this reason that powerful politicians are able to build bridges and deliver development in their constituencies while less powerful politicians are unable to do so.
6910.txt:The group had to cross this swing bridge showing cracks at its base
6913.txt:The 55-year-old US-based climber ran for his life the moment the 7.8-magnitude quake struck, racing to get off a suspension bridge swaying wildly as tremors rippled through the Himalayas.
6913.txt:The destruction of bridges, footpaths and guesthouses has thrown an already struggling workforce into crisis, according to Ben Ayers, country director of the non-profit dZi Foundation, which has worked in the district for nearly a decade.
6963.txt:The 55-year-old US-based climber ran for his life the moment the 7.8-magnitude quake struck, racing to get off a suspension bridge swaying wildly as tremors rippled through the Himalayas.
6963.txt:The destruction of bridges, footpaths and guesthouses has thrown an already struggling workforce into crisis, according to Ben Ayers, country director of the non-profit dZi Foundation, which has worked in the district for nearly a decade.
7091.txt:www.kilkennyshop.com Lauryn Rose shines bright and beautiful like a diamond Lauryn Rose jewellery stands out for all the right reasons. First, the glamorous, glittering quality of the pieces, followed by the ethical nature of this dynamic new e-boutique. Inspired by the story of a young girl of the same name, LaurynRose.com donates 10% of the profit of every sale directly to Laura Lynn Children's Hospice, to help vulnerable Irish children who badly need it. Drawing influence from the latest couture trends, along with an understanding and appreciation for design and quality, LaurynRose.com bridges the gap between high-end and high-street fashion. The collections combine modern glamour with classic style and elegance, particularly the new Summer Cocktail Collection and Dusk until Dawn Glamour Collection, including exquisite hand-crafted cocktail rings, pendants and two-piece drop earrings, each piece boasting high grade sterling silver, twisted and flowing elegantly to merge with the center stone setting.
7110.txt:Maya, who also works at Jason Lea Hairdressing in Bridge Street, Chester, will fly to be with her father and her uncle on Wednesday.
7125.txt:Murton said the village of Jomsom suffered significant damage – collapsed buildings, a broken bridge and ruined roads.
7151.txt:The 55-year-old US-based climber ran for his life the moment the 7.8-magnitude quake struck, racing to get off a suspension bridge swaying wildly as tremors rippled through the Himalayas.
7151.txt:The destruction of bridges, footpaths and guesthouses has thrown an already struggling workforce into crisis, according to Ben Ayers, country director of the non-profit dZi Foundation, which has worked in the district for nearly a decade.
7190.txt:“I choose to help Nepal,” Forrest Berkley says, “because the needs there are so acute, and the circumstances are, for me, heart-wrenching. Nepal is home to many of the Earth's grandest mountains, which have drawn me to this tiny country, as has the friendliness of the people, despite their poverty. I visited Nepal for the first time 35 years ago and fell in love with the country. I’ve now gone trekking there 15 times and, even before the earthquake, had developed a deep desire to do something for the people.” While Marcie Tyre Berkley, has only been to Nepal once, her interest in the fate of women and children gives her a unique connection to Save the Children’s work. “After an academic career, I became a Scholar at the Women's Studies Research Center at Brandeis University,” she explains. “I also became involved in several organizations devoted to helping women and children in need. All of this has made me deeply aware of how terribly vulnerable far too many women and children are. “My own mother was an 8-year-old child living in Vienna when Hitler came to power. If many individuals had not extended aid to her family – sometimes at significant risk to themselves – she would have perished. “At a time like this,” Marcie continues, “when the headlines from Nepal are beginning to slip off the front page, leaving so many children and their parents in desperate circumstances, we simply have no right to turn our backs. Instead, we need to reach out and extend every bit of aid we can.” “Contributions to Save the Children – whether of $10, $100, $1,000 or $1,000,000 – will absolutely save lives and address misery in the wake of this devastating earthquake. That’s why Marcie and I have given the largest single gift of our lifetimes. We hope you will join us to make a difference for the children of Nepal.” — Forrest Berkley Asked why he and Marcie chose Save the Children as the recipient of their generosity, Forrest’s answer was simple and direct. “You’ve been there for 40 years,” he said. “You have 450 people in the country. You take a multiyear approach, rather than just worrying about the first few months. And you have a very strong reputation for effectiveness. “There are desperate scenes in Nepal now of people begging for food, water, shelter from the approaching monsoon rains and surgery for broken bones. By focusing on children and running programs that look to restore normalcy to their lives, not only today, but for years to come, Save the Children will make an enormous difference to the most vulnerable victims of this disaster.” Forrest Berkley crosses a handmade wooden bridge during one of his Nepal treks. Forrest Berkley spent 20 years with the global investment management firm GMO. He retired in January 2006 and now serves on the board of the TIAA-CREF mutual funds. Forrest’s philanthropic work focuses on innovation in land conservation for threatened landscapes in the U.S., the Andes and the Himalayas. He is a board member of the Maine Coast Heritage Trust, a former director of the Appalachian Mountain Club and serves on the investment committees of several nonprofits. Marcie Tyre Berkley is a Scholar at Brandeis University's Women's Studies Research Center, where her research and writing focus on feminist mothering and the cultural issues affecting mothers in America. She previously taught Management of Technology at the MIT Sloan School of Management and Production and Operations Management at Harvard Business School.
7246.txt:Days after living through a major natural disaster, Anjalee saw the ocean for the first time, walked across the Golden Gate Bridge, and spent a weekend in Sonoma.
7246.txt:Anjalee was thrilled by the Pacific Ocean. “For the first time I saw the ocean. I didn’t expect it to be so massive,” she said. She also had no idea that the Golden Gate Bridge was so long.
7252.txt:Nepal earthquake survivor names baby after Bridgetown nurse
7252.txt:Baby Leilyn was named after Bridgetown nurse Lynn Henderson, who delivered him in a mountain village of Nepal earlier this week. (Canadian Red Cross)
7252.txt:Lynn Henderson is a nurse and midwife from Bridgetown, in the Annapolis Valley, who went to Nepal with the Red Cross after a large earthquake rocked the country in April.
7348.txt:He said: “The big thing for the Nepalis is the emotional healing from the scarring that they have had. The memory is so fresh in their minds from two weeks ago.” Australian Daniel has been in the country for two-and-a-half years and is now affiliated to UVN, an organisation that wants to see a church and a trained leader in every village in Nepal. The area they have been focusing on is in the Gorkha district near the Tibetan border where the settlements are between 2,000 and 3,000 metres above sea level. In good weather, and without catastrophic tectonic plate movement, those are visits that require a week of walking. Daniel said: “Since the earthquake, you can’t walk there now. That’s the reality. There is no way there by foot and the mule trains I don’t think can even make it through and the rivers come and you can’t cross them with the bridges broken down. The only way there is by air, so we are very thankful for MAF. We can’t pay the rates for army helicopters but we have been able to get the discount with MAF and that’s been a great blessing. We’re very encouraged to be able to take lots of supplies and at the same time take our staff members there to build relationships with those communities we have been working amongst these past few years and at the same time we are meeting new communities. I just pray those staff will be a blessing right now to those people who have lost everything.”
7363.txt:Over the longer term, a portal could help bridge service gaps and provide donors with a more comprehensive, robust picture of the landscape to help support effective funding decisions. It would also create an even greater pool of information on volunteers and talent of all kinds that organizations and government could use both in the emergency state, and during medium- and longer-term reconstruction. Finally, it would provide a more vibrant and broader discussion platform for sharing lessons or ideas for improving more medium-term reconstruction. The goal would be to provide a more open and democratic platform that is not owned by a specific country or organization, but jointly owned to keep it more neutral.
863.txt:With files from CTV's Bridget Brown
958.txt:But the airport was closed, roads and bridges damaged, and tons of rubble are blocking the streets and alleys of Kathmandu. Water supply pipes, electricity generating sub-stations, bridges, treatment plants – all these things will be affected, and food, water, fuel and medicines will be immediately in short-supply. From today people will start skipping meals and to rely on friends and relatives for support. Some will be moving to areas they consider more safe, where they will set up camps. Others will choose to stay close to their belongings and shattered homes, perhaps waiting for missing relatives. They will start selling assets in “distress sales”. They will use what food, cash and property they have just to get by. They will start borrowing. Many poor Nepalese will already be in debt.
969.txt:"I cannot give the total number as there are deaths in Kalinpong, Meerik. There been damage. Schools are closed on Sundays. So, until I visit I cannot tell. In Kolkata, the bridges and building have cracked. Today also, there have been damages," said Banerjee.
